today I want to find out if the pack
have a Dane the plan is to track the
movement for as long as I can stay awake
but the wolves have other ideas
although ward the wolf that approached
me yesterday is back and this time it's
not alone
both animals are about 40 meters away
from me your heart is racing wolves
might approach for two reasons to see if
I'm a threat or to find out if I'm worth
eating oh jeez
they are right in front of me my god oh
my god
hey wolf it's gonna turn this right I
tell you what this is quite unnerving
I'm being circled by wolves and I'm not
sure if I like it
being this close to wolf just reminded
that these are animals that haven't
injured people these animals that have
killed people
and I've got two of them
five meters away
- coming right up - my little things oh
my word look at those eyes
all the better to see you with she is
just stunning
I definitely feel safer when they back
off a bit
my goodness
I don't think I've seen such a beautiful
animal in my life
I never imagined that wolves would get
this close it's a perfect chance to try
and work out who's who it really is
amazing there's so few places in the
world that you can get this close to an
animal of of their sides and the closer
these wolves come you start to see
differences it looks like these are two
females they're both full size this wolf
is is much more mature looking you can
see it on her in her face she's older
definitely marginally bigger a lot more
here around her face like a lion's mane
almost but look at this this is this
could be major news on her belly towards
a back end it's bear you can almost see
the nipples and what that means and what
that tells me is that this is a breeding
female and the great hope is that before
too long I'm going to get a look at
these pups this is a huge relief pups
mean that this pack will stay in one
place
now I need to find their den this new
mom is pale like the moon
so I've named her Luna
you